Analyze my existing AksharAlly project and implement a complete Input Processing Module without breaking existing functionality.

Project Goal:

AksharAlly is an accessibility platform for dyslexic users. The Input Processing Module should accept content from multiple sources and convert everything into clean extracted text that can later be passed to formatting and text-to-speech services.

Requirements:

Supported Input Types
Direct text input
User enters text manually.
Validate and clean the text.
Image upload
Support JPG, JPEG, PNG, and WEBP.
Extract text using OCR.
Return extracted text.
Camera capture
Add support for images captured from the device camera.
Frontend should send the captured image to the backend.
Backend should process it exactly like a normal image upload.
PDF upload
Extract text from text-based PDFs.
If extraction fails or PDF is scanned, automatically use OCR.
DOCX upload
Extract text from Word documents.
Architecture Requirements

Create a modular structure:

input_processing/
│
├── image_processor
├── pdf_processor
├── docx_processor
├── text_processor
├── ocr_service
└── input_router

Each processor should have a single responsibility.

API Requirements

Create a unified endpoint:

POST /api/process-input

The endpoint should detect the input type and route it to the correct processor.

Do not create separate endpoints for every file type unless necessary.

Standard Response Format

Regardless of input type, return:

{
  "status": "success",
  "sourceType": "image",
  "extractedText": "...",
  "characterCount": 0,
  "wordCount": 0
}

Every processor should return the same structure.

Error Handling

Handle:

Unsupported file types
Empty uploads
Corrupted files
OCR failures
PDF extraction failures
Large file uploads

Return meaningful error messages.

Code Quality
Keep the implementation modular and scalable.
Add comments explaining major functions.
Reuse code wherever possible.
Follow best practices for file uploads and security.
Integration Requirements
Review the current project structure before making changes.
Integrate this module into the existing backend.
Show every file that is created or modified.
Explain why each change was made.
Do not remove or break existing features.
Final Goal

After implementation, AksharAlly should be able to accept:

Typed text
Uploaded images
Camera-captured images
PDF files
DOCX files

and convert all of them into clean extracted text through a single processing pipeline.